hello welcome back to my kitchen I got a
request from a viewer they wanted me to
make vegetarian biryani so today I'm
going to make catchy vegetarian with
biryani it's going to taste so great so
far catchy vegetarian burger
biryani I have a cup of soaked basmati
rice here it is and to that I'm going to
add two cups of medley of vegetables so
here I have broccoli flowers cauliflower
flowers and small baby carrots and here
I took one potato cut them in quarters
and parboil them for three minutes in
microwave and here are some paneer cubes
and tomatoes and a SLIC green chili
chili what I'm going to do is for next
step is I'm going to saute the
vegetables for the next step I'm thinly
slicing the tomatoes for next step I'm
heated oil in the pan and I'm going to
add paneer and I'm going to lightly
saute them the paneer is done this is
the colour we want light golden brown
and now I'm going to take it out
at this point I'm going to solve it one
this is trying three green coriander
cardamom I'm going to the water I've
added the paneer cubes back in it's
ready for the next step now for next
step I'm going to marinate this mixture
with spices here I have a teaspoon of
salt one teaspoon of coriander powder 1
teaspoon of chili powder 1/4 teaspoon
1/4 teaspoon of turmeric 1/2 teaspoon of
cumin powder and 1/2 a teaspoon of
ginger mixed so in there go to this I'm
going to add 3 tbsp of yogurt it's gonna
go into and we are gonna coat it so this
will be marinated in the spices and once
the rice is boiled I'm going to assemble
it in a oven proof dish and it's gonna
go in the now comes the fun part the
layering part so we are gonna make a
layer of rice
to this I'm going to add half a cup of
fried onions we are gonna add the which
the vegetarian mixture the vegetables
yes I'm going to add the coriander the
cilantro leaves washed cilantro leaves
and mint leaves oh it's gonna be so
tasty
I taste it for the seasoning it's
perfect little spicy and tart which I
really love this is Hyderabad I can see
biryani vegetarian style so the final
layer of rice will go on top last step
I'm adding the rest of the onions on top
so in this biryani
I have not cooked I just sauteed the
vegetables and marinated it but it's
gonna cook in the oven next for extra
flavour I know I have plenty of oil in
it but I'm going to add a tablespoon of
butter on top it's gonna give an amazing
flavor to your biryani for the last step
I have double toiled the dish and I have
preheated my oven to 350 and I am going
to cook this biryani for 40 minutes 350
in my toaster oven how's the very yummy
so the 40 minutes are done
wait to taste some very funny so let's
open it it's hot
hmm I wish you could smell the aroma
it's delicious let me taste the check
the rice it's perfectly done I had let
it cook al dente because if it was gonna
cook so let's mix the biryani now gently
so the rice don't break and the aroma
from the onions was so good so let's
taste our final product take the rice
delicious everything is just the right
amount the right blend it's not too
spicy it's perfectly seasoned so thank
you for watching my videos and for all
the ingredients please go to Shiva's
recipes.com